Previously on "nashville"...
Scarlett:
There always is something
Just under the surface
with me and gunnar.
That's just where
it's got to stay.
I'd like you to come back
to wheelin' dealin' records,
You bet.
I'm going on tour
with layla.
Riff may not make it.
He's looking for
a replacement, right?
Welcome back to my tour
miss juliette barnes!
She's 16 years old!
Deacon:
I did the right thing.
If you did
the right thing,
Why you suppose
maddie ran away?
You're trying to keep me
from my career.
Sony wanted me,
and so did edgehill.
I'm emancipating from you.
[ camera shutter clicks ]
All right,
nice big smile.
[ camera shutter clicking ]
Such a beautiful home
you two have.
-Thank you.
-Yeah, it's really more hers.
I just moved in
a little bit ago.
Well, it's where
you're raising your family,
And that's what southern living
readers want to peek into --
The amazing life
of rayna jaymes.
[ chuckles ]
Sid, we want
to get the kids in this?
Yeah, that'd be great.
I'm sorry.
No, our publicist
talked to you guys about this.
It's just gonna be
rayna and deacon today.
Well, maybe we could get some
shots at the benefit tomorrow?
Well, let's...Play it by ear.
You guys done in here?
You have what you need?
-Yeah, we're good.
Okay, great.
Now, let's --
Let's head to the kitchen.
Follow me.
-Okay.
-All right.
The kitchen's really
the heart of this home,
And I've been lucky enough
to enjoy
A lot
of great family dinners here.
Photographer:
Oh, and it's so sunny!
Baby, I can't take
all this posing,
All this acting like
everything's fine and dandy,
Ducking and dodging around
what's going on with the girls.
This is just...
We got to make
some kind of damn move here.
I just don't think
the move is ours to make.
I think we're just...
[ sighs ]
...Gonna have to hold tight
and...
Hope she comes to
her senses.
[ cheers and applause ]
-You look amazing.
-Thank you.
Nervous? First time
back in front of an arena crowd.
Oh, it's easy to get
20,000 people to love you.
Thank you.
Thank you, raleigh!
[ "one place too long" plays ]
Oh, I'm so excited to be
back on tour with luke wheeler.
Let's pick up
where we left off, shall we?
[ cheers and applause ]
¶ life is like a poplar tree ¶
¶ some are the roots,
some are the leaves ¶
¶ stayin' put
ain't stuck with me ¶
¶ I slip out
while the city sleeps ¶
¶ I'm gone ¶
¶ gone, gone, gone ¶
¶ well, I'm gone, gone, gone ¶
¶ soon as I get there,
I've already left ¶
¶ I get high on every mile,
wearin' out the treads ¶
¶ kinda like the radio
keeps playin' different songs ¶
¶ I can't stay in one place
too long ¶
¶ no, I can't
stay in one place too long ¶
[ crowd cheering ]
¶ change of pace,
change of scene ¶
¶ might as well
change everything ¶
¶ call it runnin',
call it movin' on ¶
Juliette's
back in the saddle.
Yep.
Crowd seems to love her.
[ sighs ]
More importantly,
nobody's asking for a refund.
[ chuckling ] yeah.
I'm just glad the press bought
riff leaving for health reasons,
Especially
for his family's sake.
And yours.
Last question you want to hear
on national television is
"hey, luke,
how's your former tour mate
Handling
his sex addiction?"
[ laughs ] yeah, well,
I'm happy to dodge that bullet.
Cheers.
-Cheers.
So, how are things coming along
with will's showcase?
No point in launching an album
if we don't get solid airplay.
Invited 50
of the top programmers.
Most of whom I have
great relationships with.
Still,
it's a hill to climb.
You know
there's never been
An openly gay artist
on country radio.
Yeah, which is why
it's time to climb it.
-[ gasps ]
-hey.
[ chuckling ]
you scared the crap out of me.
Sorry. I was -- I was
just putting cadence down.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-No, no, no. It's fine.
What are you, uh,
what are you doing here?
Isn't the show still on?
Am I a horrible person
for wishing
That juliette would just
be a little wobbly
her first night back?
"horrible" isn't the word
I'd use to describe you at all.
Right. Brilliant,
captivating, mysterious.
All of the above.
[ both chuckle ]
Why didn't you
stay for the show?
I've seen it before.
And cadence was tired.
Plus, I had some ideas
for the track we're working on,
Wanted to get them down
before I forget.
Hm.
You want to work on them
with me?
Sure. Why not?
Okay.
Just made popcorn.
Want some?
Nope. Working.
[ cellphone rings ]
Okay.
Hey, it's will.
Dude.
You're on the radio!
We're on the radio
in nashville!
[ chuckles ]
Yeah, you'll probably
be on the charts
By the end of the month.
God knows we're trying,
man.
Wall-to-wall interviews
in like eight different cities.
[ chuckles ]
Ooh! And guess what.
Rolling stone country
called.
We're sitting down with them
day after tomorrow.
It's nice to have a label head
on your side, isn't it?
Luke's got me
playing a showcase
For like 50 programmers
tomorrow.
Hey, put scarlett on the phone.
Let me say hi to her.
I would, but she seems to not be
speaking to me at the moment.
Oh, what'd you do now?
Why do you assume
I did something?
Because you probably did.
So, did you talk to avery
about flying with me on the jet
Instead of riding
on that cramped tour bus?
Yeah, he appreciates the offer,
but he politely declined.
He'd rather drive nine hours
in a bus
Than fly one hour
with me?
Apparently so.
Is something going on
between him and layla?
Yes --
they're recording an album.
There's a mobile studio
on her bus.
Avery's just trying
to maximize their work time.
Mm-hmm.
Juliette,
the only thing going on
Between avery and layla
is her music.
Wait till you hear it
with your vocals doubled.
Here. Take a listen.
¶ they tricked you into thinkin'
both your wings are clipped ¶
¶ and you ain't ever
seein' the sky ¶
Wow.
¶ if you could see
what I see ¶
Thank you.
¶ maybe then you'd believe ¶
¶ the light you got
will always rise ¶
I wish there was
a more powerful word
for "beautiful."
¶ ...Big world outside ¶
Me too.
¶ oh, ain't it time you fly? ¶
¶ life, well,
it don't have to hurt ¶
¶ if you could see
what I see ¶
[ amplified ]
¶ maybe then you'd believe ¶
[ both chuckle, music stops ]
[ cadence crying ]
[ sighs ]
I should really get cadence
back to the hotel.
-Yeah.
-Great to meet you, deacon.
-My pleasure.
Well, thanks for opening up
your home to southern living.
It's gonna be a great
50th anniversary issue
With you on the cover.
Oh, well, I hope so.
[ chuckles ]
So, our photographer will be
at the ryman tomorrow night
To grab some candids
of the family.
Uh...Okay. Uh --
And we'll run everything
past bucky, of course.
Great.
Okay.
All right.
Thank you, sid.
Night, rayna.
Take care.
[ knock on door ]
Yeah?
This is for you,
miss jaymes.
Uh, thank you.
What's going on?
What is it?
[ sighs ]
It's an order to appear in court
on behalf of maddie.
For what?
An emancipation hearing.
What's "emancipation" mean?
Um...
Honey,
your sister wants to...
Wants to live
independently.
Does that mean
she's divorcing us?
¶¶
Thank you.
Here she is.
Hi, rayna.
I'm david mannis.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks for coming.
Sorry to hold you up
a little bit.
It was not easy getting
my daughter daphne down tonight.
I imagine
you're all quite upset.
Yeah, well, they got this thing
to court in 48 hours.
I mean,
how's that even possible?
Well, in juvenile matters, the
court tends to be expeditious.
And what kind of court
is it?
I mean, is it
Depositions and testimonies --
that kind of --
Yeah, 'cause if it is, please
get me on the stand, all right?
'cause I want
to talk to this judge.
I want to tell him
about cash.
She's like a snake
leading her away.
Actually, you're not listed
in the action.
I'm sorry. What?
Teddy conrad is still
maddie's legal parent.
Now, I recognize, of course,
that he's in prison,
But from a legal standpoint,
that's irrelevant.
Look, I'm her biological father,
all right?
So don't tell me
I don't have any rights here.
You would, but establishing that
legally would take months.
We go to court
in two days.
[ exhales sharply ]
Can we just
talk to maddie?
We can ask the judge to order
mediation at the hearing.
I'm not talking
about mediation.
I'm just talking about
Having a conversation
with our daughter.
I've checked
with maddie's counsel.
They're unwilling
to wait.
We have no choice
but to prepare you
And your ex-husband
as codefendants.
Tara: The edgehill deal,
sony offer,
Current label interest --
All of it shows the court
you can support yourself.
And you'll make sure
that they know
That her mom
blocked all those offers
In favor of a bogus deal
at highway 65?
It'll certainly be
our argument.
What are we doing
about school?
Um, I signed up
for the proficiency exam
So I can
get my diploma early.
Excellent.
And the plan from there?
Pursue a career in music.
My sister keeps texting me,
and I haven't responded.
Is it okay
if I text her back now?
Probably best not to.
For all we know,
your parents are using her phone
To talk you out of this.
I hadn't even
thought about that.
Okay, so when
can I contact her, then?
Until you're emancipated,
I'd avoid contact
with anyone in that household.
Hey.
Morning.
[ sighs ]
Listen,
I-I've been up all night.
Can I go first?
I just --
I really need to say this.
[ sighs ]
I like you, avery.
I like making music with you
onstage and in the studio,
And I like talking t--
Layla...
I like you, too.
"it's not you, it's me,"
right?
It's complicated
with cadence.
And juliette.
Having my ex unexpectedly
join the tour,
It's -- it's a lot
to deal with,
And I just think
that it's best
If we keep things
the way they are between us.
Okay, then.
-Layla, listen, I-I didn't --
-no, it's okay.
You know, it's just --
it's too bad.
'cause we really do
have something.
[ elevator bell dings ]
Hey! Scarlett,
h-hold the elevator.
[ elevator whirring ]
-What the hell was that?
-What?
Seriously?
You've been ignoring me
And shooting me dirty looks
ever since we left dallas.
W-what'd I do?
Maybe we've just been
joined at the hip for four days
And I need
some space from you.
[ elevator clanks,
whirring stops ]
What just happened?
I don't know.
[ button tapping ]
Well, that's not good.
Uh,
I think we're stuck.
[ chuckles ]
Help!!
So,
how'd it come to this?
Well...
It's complicated.
There was this young woman
that we brought in
To mentor maddie
in songwriting,
And she just ended up
being a terrible influence
And encouraged her to lie
and go play at clubs
And now run away.
Well,
who is this person?
She's the daughter
of deacon's business partner.
Oh.
So he brought her
into this.
Don't do that.
Look, there's no way
we could've known
That she was gonna
be like this.
And, anyway,
that's only part of the problem.
Maddie also found out about
That crazy edgehill deal
you made.
How much
does she know about it?
Just that there was one
And that I kept her
from taking it.
Okay.
What are you asking me
to do?
Well, the lawyer has an
affidavit that you can sign --
Basically
tells the court
That you're in agreement
with me.
Let me
talk to maddie first,
And then I'll let you know
what I think.
When are you gonna
talk to maddie?
Today.
She's coming to the prison
today?
Yeah.
You're just
telling me this now?
Rayna, I heard
your side of the story.
Now I'd like
to hear maddie's.
[ gasps ]
ooh, look.
Cadence, look at that.
That is
a treasure chest.
[ gasps ]
what does she think's inside?
Hi, baby.
What are you
doing here?
I was just on my way
to rehearsal,
And I thought I'd sneak
a "hello" with my baby girl.
No, I mean, what are you
doing here -- on this tour?
Avery,
this is where cadence is.
I can't be a mom
if I'm not near my daughter.
I'm sorry.
It just [sighs]
took me by surprise.
That's all.
No,
it was all last-minute.
I'm still trying
to get my set tighter.
Which is why I was hoping
that you'd do me a favor.
How do you feel
about playing "dirt" with me?
Onstage during your set?
Come on.
I still can't find
a guitarist
That can play those riffs
like you can.
Yeah, I-I don't know.
[ chuckles ]
It was glenn's idea,
but I think it's a good one.
I'll let you know.
But we really should
get going.
Say goodbye, cadence.
Mama loves you.
Bye, baby.
[ elevator bell dings ]
Glenn:
Well, with the oscars coming up,
juliette's kind of booked.
I'll get back to you.
[ cellphone clicks ]
-Hey.
I've been trying to reach you
all morning.
[ sighs ]
have you heard from rayna yet
About the rough cut
of the video?
Uh, no. I'll let you know
as soon as I do, though.
Okay. Well, I have some ideas
for my album launch party --
And I-I want to hear them --
I do --
But juliette needs me
at rehearsal, so I got to go.
I'll call you
as soon as I'm done, okay?
-Okay.
-All right.
[ scoffs ]
[ cellphone rings ]
I'm sitting in a prison,
hoping to run into my daughter,
So unless this is about
business, I'm not interested.
Yeah, I know,
but I think
That's why you're gonna want
to call scott borchetta.
Why scott borchetta?
Apparently,
cash called big machine.
She wanted to set up a meeting
with them this afternoon
With maddie to pitch her
as a solo artist.
Scott, of course,
did not take the meeting.
Ask him to call her back
and set the meeting.
Okay?
Okay.
Thanks.
[ cellphone clicks ]
[ sighs ] I got caught
in traffic. We start yet?
-No.
-Why the hell not?
'cause hardly anyone showed.
[ sighs ]
Well, I guess,
we'll, uh, go ahead and do this.
[ clears throat ]
Of course I'd understand
if it were an emergency, pete.
Oh, emergency, my ass.
I guess five programmers
is better than none.
I'm hearing everything from
food poisoning to car trouble.
Aw, bull crap.
They're just too chicken
To put a gay artist
on the radio.
They're scared about
angry listeners calling in,
Backlash, boycotts.
Maybe we just need to roll back,
do a smaller launch.
-We might have to.
-Going smaller ain't the answer.
We got to go bigger.
Yeah. Okay.
Thank you.
There's a blackout --
10 whole blocks.
City's working on it,
But nobody knows when
the power's gonna be back.
Can't they just
pry this stupid door open?
Apparently,
we're in between floors.
We could
go through the top.
Scarlett, it's not
"mission: Impossible," okay?
The hotel says the safest thing
to do is just relax and wait.
I need a drink.
[ sighs ]
Since when do you travel with
a bottle of 18-year-old scotch?
Since I found out
that autumn
Was a lying,
backstabbing cougar.
Wow. Okay, uh [chuckles] you
want to tell me what's going on?
[ scoffs ]
it was supposed to be
A thank-you present
for the spa day,
But then I go up to her room,
and you're walking out of there,
Wiping her lipstick
off your face,
Which means she was just
pretending to be my friend,
Pretending to care about us.
-Scarlett, look --
You can sleep with
whoever you want. I don't care.
But did it
have to be my idol?
You have, like, a list of people
who are important to me
That you're gonna --
-all right, all right.
Scarlett, stop. Stop.
I did not sleep with autumn,
all right?
-Sure.
-Yeah, she made a play for me.
She invited me
to go off with her
And hang out
with james taylor.
You love james taylor.
I know.
But I turned her down.
All right?
'cause I didn't want
to do anything
That could
jeopardize the band.
[ sighs ]
Drink?
[ "willing heart" plays ]
¶ I'm gonna need an anchor ¶
¶ an anchor ¶
[ sighs ]
Ah.
The old
"throw the guitar down" trick.
I tried that one
a few times myself.
Doesn't make it
play any better.
You want to talk
about your sister at all?
Rather learn this song...
Since I'm probably
playing it by myself tonight.
First time
performing solo, huh?
Well,
maybe I can help you.
I don't just throw them,
you know.
I play them sometimes,
too.
Hi. This is glenn goodman.
Sorry I missed your call.
Please leave me a message.
I'll get back to you
As soon as I can. Thanks.
[ beep ]
Why are you telling juliette
that I should perform with her?
I need boundaries.
And I'd appreciate it
if you'd help keep those clear.
So as her manager,
please tell juliette
That I will not playing "dirt"
or anything with her.
I'm here for layla.
Thanks.
Thank y'all so much.
Enjoy your night off.
Oh, please tell me
I have nothing else to do.
I want to get to bed
early
So I can get up
for the oscar nominations.
[ sighs ]
What?
What's wrong?
Why would avery think that
I want him performing with you?
Well, I might have told
a little white lie.
I just thought
that if he knew
You were on board,
he would be, too,
And I think that us playing
the song together is the best.
Juliette, listen,
I took you back as a client
Because I thought
that you had changed,
That all this lying
and the manipulation --
Look, I have changed.
I have changed.
I'm sorry. Okay?
It was a stupid move.
I just was hoping
That if we spent time
together, then --
No, no.
If you really want avery to see
how far you've come,
Try being honest with him
instead of lying to him.
[ scoffs ]
[ sighs ]
[ applause ]
hey, robin.
-Oh, it's great to see you!
-Good to see you.
Thanks for having me.
Thank you.
Oh, good to have you
on the show.
Nice to be here
with you good people
And all you folks
watching at home.
How many of them are there
that watch across the country?
-I'd say a few billion or so.
-I think I already knew that.
But, um, so we may have a-a
surprise in store for you today.
That's right, because
originally, we had planned
For you to perform,
but --
But I-I asked robin here
If I could
bring somebody else out instead,
And I did that
Because there's an artist
and an issue
Worth sacrificing my time
on the national stage for.
What you said, my friend,
because you may know him
From having come out publicly
earlier this year.
Please welcome to the stage
mr. Will lexington!
Yay, will!
[ cheers and applause ]
Hi, cash.
What are you doing here?
You mean,
instead of scott borchetta?
He didn't feel like
there was any point
in going to a meeting
With somebody who's already
signed at highway 65.
Where's my daughter?
-You know what? She's not here.
And, to be honest,
I don't really want
To get into this
with you, so --
Well, neither do I, but you're
hiding my daughter, so --
I'm sorry. She is free to go
whenever she wants to.
-Why are you doing this?
-I'm your daughter's friend,
And that is exactly
what she needs right now.
If you were her friend,
you would encourage her
To come home
and sort this out.
To a controlling mother
and a crazy father?
-Excuse me?
-Look, I've been there, okay?
And I'm not gonna
let maddie's opportunities
Slip away from her,
like they did for me.
I care about her too much
to let that happen.
Oh, sweetheart,
you don't care about her at all.
You care about yourself.
And let me tell you
one thing --
Nashville
is such a small town.
If you keep going
down this road,
I guarantee you
I will make sure that no one --
From music row to lower broad --
ever works with you again.
You threatening me?
Promising.
So, out of nowhere,
deacon just storms in,
Starts threatening
this drunk guy,
And pulls me offstage.
At a club, okay?
It was at a club.
I don't know. I might have done
the same thing.
No, you wouldn't have.
You have always
supported my dreams.
I mean, you signed me
to edgehill, right?
Listen,
all you have to do is
Just sign this letter of consent
the lawyers typed up,
And then I can
give it to the judge.
I didn't sign you to edgehill
because I thought it was...
Because I thought it was
the right thing.
What -- what do you mean?
I mean, I was...
I was being blackmailed
by jeff fordham.
But, thankfully,
your mother intervened
And she shut it down.
Why would he
be blackmailing you?
Jeff was threatening
to...
Expose some details
about my personal life.
Like what?
There was a woman
that I was...
...Was involved with.
Oh, my god.
I'm sorry.
I never wanted you to know,
but you have to understand
That your mother has always had
your best interests at heart.
Always.
[ voice breaking ]
so, all my parents
are liars, then.
Maddie.
[ buzzer, door opens ]
Luke, correct me
if I'm wrong here,
But didn't you originally
drop will from your label?
Yeah, I-I did.
Uh, I guess I got a little too
concerned, uh, about my image.
I'm not proud of it,
But, luckily,
I came to my senses.
Will,
how'd that make you feel?
It was rough.
But I understand
why luke did what he did.
It's risky enough
breaking a new artist, but...
A gay artist
in mainstream country --
Felt impossible.
Now, with a label head like him
having my back,
I'm hoping to keep
singing the songs I've sung
Since I was a kid in texas.
-That's right.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ chuckles ]
I have to say, judging by
what we heard earlier,
You're well on your way.
Well, uh,
if you want to hear it again,
That is gonna be
a little tricky.
Why is that?
It seems that some people
aren't gonna be into
Playing an openly gay artist
on the radio.
[ audience jeers ]
wait a minute.
They didn't have a problem
playing him before he came out.
Yeah, that's exactly right,
but, uh,
Now radio programmers are scared
they're gonna get calls
From, uh, a small but loud group
of angry, intolerant haters
If they give will
some airplay.
But y'all heard his single,
right? It's pretty damn good?
[ cheers and applause ]
Well, if your viewers at home
liked what they heard,
They need to call
their local radio stations
And request will's song.
We got to get this boy
played on country radio.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ chuckles ]
[ imitates crowd cheering ]
The crowd goes wild.
[ chuckles ]
That is perfect.
I'm telling you,
you work that hard,
You will be able to play solo
anytime, anywhere.
Even if I could...
I just don't really want to.
I love
singing with maddie.
I know.
Is she ever gonna
play with me ever again
Or even talk to us?
Yeah, absolutely, hon.
Look, we're just --
Your mama and I
are doing everything we can
To get her home right now,
all right?
I don't get
why she's doing this.
I don't, either.
Sometimes
the people we love,
They do things
we don't understand.
She's not coming tonight,
is she?
I don't know.
But I am.
I'll be there
however you need me.
Come here.
[ sniffles ]
Hey, I only have a minute,
but, um,
I saw maddie,
heard her side of the story.
Teddy, you know
she's gonna just say
Exactly what
she wants you to hear.
I'll sign the affidavit,
okay?
I think what she's doing
is absolutely crazy.
I just wish I could
appear in court to say so.
[ sighs ] thank you.
I'm still not convinced
That this whole court thing
has to happen.
If I could just get through
to her face-to-face, you know?
I tried to.
I told her about edgehill --
everything.
I was hoping it would
steer her back to you, but...
She just got up and left.
How long ago
did she leave?
About 20 minutes ago.
Why?
[ mid-tempo music plays ]
You think, uh,
since we're stuck here,
We should try to prepare
for tomorrow or something?
Scarlett, we've been
doing interviews
For four days straight.
You really think
we need to practice?
It's rolling stone.
It's just gonna be the same
as all the others.
They're gonna ask
the same questions.
"are you really exes?"
"yes."
"who are
your musical influences?"
"james taylor."
"autumn chase."
I'm changing my answer
to that one.
"where did you two first meet?"
"working at the bluebird."
You know, you keep saying that,
but it's not where we first met.
We first met
At a street fair you were
playing in east nashville
With that little rockabilly trio
you used to have.
I went up after your set,
introduced myself,
And, uh, said
I really liked your music,
And you were real nice.
You welcomed me to nashville,
and, um...
That was it.
How come you never
told me that before?
I didn't expect you
to remember.
I was just a face in the crowd
that day.
Nobody special.
You remembered me.
Well, that's 'cause you were
the only boy I ever heard
Sing as high as me.
-[ chuckles ] nice.
Thanks a lot.
Rest up for tomorrow,
okay?
Yeah, I will.
Thanks.
Maddie!
Maddie,
please just talk to me.
[ voice breaking ]
why didn't you tell me?
About edgehill,
about my dad?
Because it's my job
as your mother
To protect you from things
that are gonna break your heart.
Like what?! The truth?!
You just --
you kept it from me!
Yes, I did.
I had other label offers
after edgehill,
But you signed me
to this fake deal
Only so you could
control me!
That's not true at all.
This deal is
absolutely real for you.
Just as my belief in you
as an artist is.
Honey, I want to support you
and I want to build you.
And I don't want you
to be exploited.
You know that's true.
You have to believe that's true.
I honestly don't know
what to believe anymore.
Well, believe in us.
Believe in your family.
We've always been able to
get through everything together.
Everything
is already in motion.
Says who?
Says cash?
Says the lawyer?
Honey, listen to your heart.
Is this what you want?
I just need to think.
Well, think.
But don't do it
at some hearing.
Don't let some court
and some lawyer
Decide how you want
your life to be.
I should go inside.
Please come home.
[ sighs ]
[ knock on door ]
I told you I needed to see you
hours ago,
And you're just now
showing up?
I told you I had to go
to juliette's rehearsal.
What do you need?
To be your priority,
like you promised.
You told me not to worry when
you took her back as a client
Because she was inactive,
But -- surprise, surprise --
juliette's joined my tour.
[ scoffs ] I was just
as blindsided as you were.
Uh-huh.
Look, you also told me
not to worry
Because I would be
your priority,
But, lo and behold, you've been
at her beck and call
Since she got here.
[ sighs ]
okay, look.
You're -- you're focusing on
all the wrong things right here.
Yes, she's keeping me busier
than I'd like,
But juliette being on this tour
with you is a great thing.
[ scoffs ]
how do you figure that?
You have this huge
audience overlap with her
That you don't have
with luke wheeler.
Your performance last night
was terrific.
Your show's running
flawlessly.
Bucky loves the rough cut
of the video.
-Really?
-Yeah.
He loves it?
Rayna's gonna love it, too.
My point is,
everything is coming up layla.
And juliette is
absolutely no threat to you.
Uh...
Cadence is napping, so...
I just wanted
to talk to you.
Okay.
Look, I wasn't completely honest
this morning.
Glenn --
It wasn't his idea
for you to play "dirt" with me.
It was mine.
Oh. Okay.
Well, um...
The answer's still "no."
Avery, I...
I don't want to lie to you
anymore.
I want to be honest with you
about how I'm feeling.
I still love you.
Juliette --
And I know
that you love me.
Don't do this.
Deep down,
beneath all the anger --
This is not
going to work.
It will work.
It can work.
Because I know
what's in there.
I know
that it's in your heart.
Yes, of course it is.
Of course it's there,
because what we had was real.
What I gave you of myself
was real.
And I hate it now.
I hate the fact
that you're here,
Because all I want to do
is get on with my life,
Because what you do to me
is what you did,
And you're gonna
do it again!
I am so sorry
that I hurt you.
And I destroyed
everything,
And I-I can't do anything
about it.
I can't undo it.
All I can do is promise you
that I am different.
And if we work together,
we could rebuild what we had.
And it will be better
than it was before.
[ cadence fusses ]
[ sighs ]
I have to
take care of cadence.
You don't have to
answer now.
You just take your time.
And when you make your decision,
you know where to find me.
[ cadence crying ]
[ door closes ]
[ sighs ]
Hey, mike.
Hey, deacon.
Thank you for your help.
You mind grabbing this stuff
for me?
Here's some lights here
for you.
All right,
thank you, guys.
Paul, I'm gonna take that one,
actually. That's my daughter's.
Okay.
I appreciate it.
Hey.
-Hey.
Daphne's up getting ready.
Okay.
You got to see maddie,
talk with her?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-How'd it go?
I don't know if I got through
to her or not.
You think
she's gonna come?
We'll see.
All right, well, at least
you made contact, right?
Yeah.
And if she doesn't make it,
daphne's ready, all right?
We had
a one-on-one guitar lesson,
And, uh,
she's doing great.
I know. I heard.
Thank you.
Let's go get dressed.
Let's go.
[ door closes ]
Hey, so, I talked
to your lawyer.
Don't even worry about your dad
siding with your mom.
We still have
a really strong case.
Do you think that maybe
I've just taken this too far?
Maddie, no.
We've got offers coming in
from all over -- new york, l.A.
You're gonna have
a serious career.
I was just supposed
to play this benefit
with my sister tonight.
She's, like,
really upset about it,
And I can't even
text her back.
Hey, remember what
the lawyer said, though.
I mean, that could be
your mom texting you.
I talked to her,
you know.
When?
When you were in meetings.
She said she wanted to try
and work it out.
Well, guess what
your mom said to me.
Got to say, you handled yourself
like a pro.
Big day, big audience.
You rose to the occasion.
Thanks for having my back, luke.
I appreciate it.
You got it, son.
Now let's get back home.
[ sighs ]
Don't give me that look.
You ask me,
that was a hell of a launch.
Sure --
except for the part
Where you called out
country radio on national tv.
[ chuckling ] I wish
you hadn't have done that.
Yeah, well,
now they have no choice
But to give the man
some airplay
When listeners
request his song.
Maybe.
Maybe make some enemies,
too.
Oh, smile, kenneth.
It's gonna be great.
Probably -- for will.
He's got nothing to lose.
Unlike you.
It's so hot in here.
You hot?
Yeah.
Burning up.
Buttons are hard.
[ chuckles ]
Let me give you a hand.
Thank you.
[ chuckles ]
You know, I can't believe
there was ever a day
That I thought
you were nobody special.
You're extraordinary,
scarlett.
First minute
I met you --
I-I mean,
second time I met you
Thinking it was
the first time...
...I knew
you'd change my life.
Let's, uh...
Play one of our old ones.
[ "if I didn't know better"
plays ]
[ chuckles ]
¶ if I didn't know better ¶
¶ I'd hang my hat
right there ¶
¶ if I didn't know better ¶
¶ I'd follow you
up the stairs ¶
¶ stop saying
those sweet things ¶
¶ you know I like to hear ¶
¶ the horns are blowing louder ¶
¶ the bailiff's drawing near ¶
¶ why do I keep drinking ¶
¶ wasting my time on you? ¶
¶ if I didn't know better ¶
¶ but, damn it, I do ¶
¶ there's a hole
in what you're saying ¶
¶ I can plainly see ¶
¶ you've a lover
that's waiting ¶
¶ but, baby,
you're right here with me ¶
¶ ohh, you might as well be
the devil ¶
¶ keeping me out
past 3 ¶
[ cellphone chimes ]
¶ well, you're the one
with that apple ¶
¶ but, baby,
you can't blame me ¶
¶ oh, why don't you
keep drinking ¶
¶ give me
one night with you ¶
Hey! Avery said you could
have cadence for the night.
¶ if I didn't know better ¶
Hey.
Were we supposed to work
tonight?
No.
¶ ...I do ¶
¶ mmm, baby, I do ¶
¶ baby, you're right here
with me ¶
¶ sweet daddy,
you know I do ¶
[ song ends ]
[ elevator whirs, dings ]
[ sighs, chuckles ]
Night.
Good night.
[ lock beeps ]
[ breathing heavily ]
[ cheers and applause ]
Rayna: Thank y'all.
Thank you so much for coming out
to support fostermore.
And, you know,
It really makes you appreciate
family, doesn't it?
I feel so fortunate...
Oh, my god.
I thought you weren't coming.
You thought wrong.
What? Were you gonna play
by yourself?
Yeah, but...
No, not anymore.
[ applause ]
And, uh, and I also have
One of my daughters, uh,
here to join us tonight,
And -- and she's about to
come out onstage --
Actually, I have two
of my daughters here tonight.
[ scattered cheers ]
Um...
Would you please help me
welcome to the stage
My two beautiful daughters,
maddie and daphne conrad.
[ cheers and applause ]
[ "willing heart" plays ]
[ camera shutters clicking ]
¶ I'm gonna need an anchor ¶
¶ someone to call me home ¶
¶ I'm gonna need somebody ¶
¶ to leave the porch light on ¶
¶ if I ever get lost ¶
¶ out there on my own ¶
¶ I'm gonna need an anchor ¶
¶ someone to call me home ¶
Those two are the sweetest
damn sound in the world.
I know.
Two of them
singing together.
¶ if every wish needs a star ¶
¶ if all an ending really needs
is a brand-new beginning ¶
¶ all love needs
is a willing heart ¶
¶ I'm gonna need an anchor ¶
¶ I'm gonna need wings ¶
¶ I'm gonna need
a willing heart ¶
¶ to chase down
all these dreams ¶
¶ gonna need understanding ¶
¶ when it's hard to understand ¶
¶ but I'm gonna need your love ¶
¶ no matter where I am ¶
[ cheers and applause ]
Thank you.
Oh, my god.
Hey.
Oh! I'm so happy
you're home.
I'm not.
Maddie.
Hon, you got a song, sweetie.
I got this, all right?
Steve, play my part.
Go.
Where are you going?!
What are you doing?!
Daphne,
I'm not emancipating from you.
We're still sisters.
But you --
you have to let me go.
Sweetie.
Don't do this, baby.
-Bye, daph.
Sweetie. Sweet--
[ "hold onto me" plays ]
[ sobbing ]
¶ when you feel your world
shaking ¶
It's okay, baby.
¶ when you feel your faith
fading ¶
¶ when you feel like
love is taking way too long ¶
¶ baby, ho-o-o-o-ld on to me ¶
¶ tighter than your sweetest
memory of you and me ¶
¶ a place
to lay your troubles down ¶
¶ that's what I'll be ¶
¶ baby, ho-o-o-o-ld on to me ¶
¶ tighter than your sweetest
memory of you and me ¶
¶ when you're looking
for an open door ¶
¶ but it seems so out of reach ¶
¶ baby, ho-o-o-o-ld on to me ¶
¶ on to me ¶
¶ ho-o-o-o-ld on to me ¶